HW:

Experiment #3: Constellations and Spirals.

For this exercise you will choose one topic/idea from the list provided by your peer. Then we will write mini-essays using association, context, research, and intuitive movement (as opposed to strictly linear or chronological progression). The goal is to explore a specific subject by including a range of approaches. In your piece, include the following:

  1.  Your own initial impressions or ideas about the subject
  2.  One excerpt of a related interview or quote
  3.  One interesting fact from a quick google search
√ 4.  A fact/opinion that contradicts traditional veiws on the subject
  5.  One related idea from art or music
  6.  A major historical fact or historical figure related to the subject
√ 7.  A personal memory of an interaction with the subject or idea
  8.  One drawing or picture or photograph related to the idea
√ 9.  A problem with the subject
  10. A physical description of the subject
√ 11. Your own feelings/emotions about the subject (and how they have/have not changed)
  12. A fact/idea related to the value, worth, or cost of the subject
  13. How this idea or subject has appeared in pop culture/media/movie/TV
√ 14. What you love/hate about this idea
  15. The possibilities for this idea/subject in the future

-----

Topic: Fuck Ice

Some people assert that Ice is good because it keeps your drink cold. But lets say you're at Corey Haines' 40th birthday party, and you order Jameson and Ginger ale with no ice, and maybe the waitress is eastern European, and the karaoke is kind of loud, so she doesn't quite catch that last part. Purely a hypothetical. There are two possibilities here.

The first is that you consume your drink before the ice melts. In which case, you drank it quickly enough that it wouldn't have warmed up anyway, and the ice only displaced your beverage, causing your glass to empty considerably quicker than it otherwise would have, requiring you to catch the waitress' eye again to order another one. Expensive and annoying, so fuck ice.

The second is that you drink your drink slower than the ice melts, in which case, you will notice the potency and the tastiness waning, as they are diluted by the ice's transition to water. Now, you may disagree, but I don't like watered down Jameson and Ginger ale, so fuck ice.

But lets pretend there was merit to the assertion, lets say it does keep your drink cold... It Is Winter. I arrived in a flannel-lined toggle coat and cute mittens that make me look like a penguin. I'm not trying to cool down here, quit putting frozen shit in my drink.

Do you know when the last time I liked ice was? Never. Do you know when that is likely to change? Never.

Now maybe you're the kind of person who likes a second glass of just water so that you'll stay hydrated and feel better in the morning. Watered down water is just water, so is it okay to put ice in the water? No. It is not. You'll finish your water twice as fast because half of it is frozen. Then you'll have to wait a few minutes between each sip, waiting for enough ice to melt to get some semblance of satisfaction. Here's another thought, lets say the waiter is walking around with a pitcher of water, scanning for empty glasses. What is more likely to catch his eye? A glass full of ice, or a glass full of nothing?

Google for "ice bacteria", the fourth hit shows that the United Kingdom's Health Protection Agency took a bunch of samples and found unsatisfactory levels of coliform bacteria in thirty percent of them. THIRTY PERCENT. What else did they find? Enterococci and E.coli, where do those come from? They come from your shit. Ice is a dirty bacteria infested trojan horse for disease.
